
                   YOU REGISTER RAR

   1. Because as registered user you:

   1) Encourage the author to further develop and improve
      RAR, making possible new RAR releases;

   2) May use RAR in commercial and other environments;

   3) Gain access to the Authenticity Verification and log
      errors to file features;

   4) Access support and assistance, via E-mail and RAR Support
      Sites, worldwide;

   5) Gain the right to use ALL future RAR releases, on the same 
      OS platform, in the registered mode.  When a major version 
      number is changed, it may be deemed necessary, due to the
      activities of hackers, to change the registration method.  
      If this happens, an upgrade diskette will be available from
      your local registration site for a small charge to cover 
      postage and handling.

   2. What you need to register:

   If you wish to be a registered RAR user, all you need do is
   make a payment to the author, via one of the local
   registration sites listed in the registration form.  Many
   registration sites will accept credit cards, all will accept
   cash or cashier's cheque.

   Please see the file REGISTER.FRM for details of information
   required and pricing details.

   SysOps of FidoNet systems get a very special deal!

   3. Registration

   Upon receipt of your registration fee with the completed
   registration form you will receive a registration key 
   which will corresponding to the registration string you 
   indicated in registration form.

   Upon receipt of your registration key you should start 
   RAR, press F9 and select menu item <Registration>, then 
   enter your name (registration string) and the key when 
   requested.  This will activate the registered features 
   of RAR.

   The diskette supplied to you with your key will also
   contain the latest version of RAR along with local 
   language documentation, if available.  Other software 
   may also be included, at the discretion of the local 
   registration site. 

   It is possible, depending upon the facilities available
   at your local registration site, to have the key 
   delivered to your computer system, to have it made 
   available for pickup by you or to have it delivered by 
   the postal service. 

